# Given the condition preceding the colon in each line, either display the comment following the colon or don't

if 2+3+4 > 1: "Your estimated cost of rent, utilities, and insurance exceed your monthly budget. You should either reconsider 
               how much you're looking to spend or find a less expensive place to live."

if 2+3 > HUD Avg.: "Your gross monthly cost of living (combined rent and utilities) is above the average for your area, you
                    might need to discuss this with your landlord and possibly negotiate it down."
                    
if Y7 > N7: "It's great that there are a lot of amenities around your apartment, but keep in mind that this may raise the price
            in the eyes of the landlord."
            
if Y8 > N8: "Remember; bars, clubs, busy roads, and airports can all make a lot of noise, which might get annoying."

if 10 / 9 < 1: "You've indicated that there are fewer bedrooms than people renting the apartment. You should make sure 
                everyone is ok with the possibility of a roomate."
                
if 9 / 11 > 2: "As a general rule, less than 1 bathroom for every two people will be cramped, which can be a huge source of
                conflict between roomates."

if 12 / 9 < 350: "Based on your square footage estimate, the apartment may be a bit cramped. It's important to have enough 
                 space to unwind on your own if you want to."
                 
if 13 = False: "If you have trouble getting in contact with your landlord, that could become problematic if you need repairs
                or want to cancel your lease. Make sure you have a reliable way to contact him or her."
                
if 14 = True and 15 = False: "It could be a red flag if a landlord is only willing to make verbal commitments. Remember, while
                              these could be enforceable in court, it's much easier to prove your case if you have documentation
                              signed by the landlord."
                              
if 15 = True: "If you sit down to renegotiate a lease agreement with a landlord, keep a list of all changes that were made. Then
               ask them to update the language of the lease and compare the new copy with your list of changes. If everything is
               what it should be, then you can sign the new lease."

if Y16 >= 1: "In terms of fees and charges by a landlord:
                  - Application fees are normal, and should be about the cost of a background and credit check (less than $50)
                  - Application deposits are meant to cover the cost of delisting the apartment while you are in the process
                    of negotiating a lease agreement. Try to get in writing that this will be converted toawrds the security
                    deposit if you sign the lease, or that it will be refunded if the landlord terminates negotiations.
                  - Finder's Fees are more questionable, so you should try to avoid paying one to the landlord. If you use a
                    broker, their finder's fee is something you should ask about before you retain them.
                    
if 17 = False: "If utilities aren't included in the rent, you'll both have to pay them out of pocket and remember to mail the
                checks. Make sure you have a schedule for doing this, since nobody wants their utilities to cut out."
                
if 18 = False: "If you plan to live on the property less than the full term of the lease, you should talk to the landlord about
                shortening the term. If it doesn't get shortened you'll basically be paying for an apartment you aren't living
                in."
                
if 19 = True: "If the lease will be automatically extended, find out how much notice you have to give the landlord to cancel it.
               otherwise, you could be on the hook for the apartment even if you want to move out."
               
if 20 = True: "Though late fees on rent are a standard term of some leases, talk to your landlord about their individual policy.
               If they're particularly strict about lateness of rent, then you need to be especially careful not to miss a payment."
               
if Y20 > 0: "If the apartment has any of the features listed above, then it is the responsibility of the landlord to ensure
             they are in a proper working order. While this doesn't apply to more minor problems, if any of these is in very
             poor condition, then it could violate the implied warranty of habitability. Make sure you have in writing that your
             landlord will fix any issues you have in these areas. Additionally, unless you are the direct cause of the issues,
             your landlord should not charge you to fix them."
             
if 22 = False: "A landlord who won't walk through the apartment to note problems with you could be a red flag, as they may be
                trying to maintain plausible deniability that any problems existed."
                
if 22 = True: "It's easy to walk through a property with a landlord to note problems. All you have to do is write down any
               issues you both see, then sign or initial the paper. Make sure you both keep a copy in case any discrepancy 
               arises."
